So we're finished with our dynamo db table and we want to get rid of it.
Are we just want to simply delete it.
How we're going to do that to do that.
Let's go to our dynamo D-B class and from there let's just add another method.
And for the naming of that method delete table with name so that I'm going to pass in the table name
that I'm going to delete and then I can simply delete the table on dynamo D-B.
So table name and then I'm going to simply say deleting a table in a print statement
with name and table name and then I'm simply going to return.
Self-taught Klein dot
delete table.
So this is the method that I'm looking for.
And as you can see it has just a single parameter singer argument which has the table name itself.
So I'm going to pass in the table name here and that's simply everything I have to do to delete a table
on dynamo D-B.
So let's go to our management class and from there.
Let's add another method for deleting our table so delete table.
And within this method we need to get dynamic DB client and delete the table with name so the table
name is again it's going to be the movies table.
So I'm going to Passim movies as the argument and the last thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to
call this method so I can delete my table so I'm going to hit Crohn and let's see what's going to happen
on a WS console.
So our execution is complete and our table must have been deleted from a W-S console.
So let's go back to our AWOS console and just refresh the page.
And as you can see we don't have any dynamo D-B table on our dynamic DB dashboard.
And we can see that Amazon is putting us back to the Getting Started page of Dynamo D-B.
So we simply don't have any tables anymore.
We could delete our movies database movies table from dynamo IDB so do a table on dynamo D-B is simple
as that with both free and Python.